Refactor bodyXML → bodyTree Go transformer to use internalComponents format only (#115)
Financial-Times/content-tree: libraries/from-bodyxml/go/README.md

# XML to Content Tree Transformer

## Overview

> The Transformer converts external XHTML-formatted document into content tree. It supports bodyXML format stored in the **internalComponent** collection.

Reviewer: **nitpick (non-blocking):** Having in mind that we will be collaborating with people from different teams, I can suggest adding the detail:
```suggestion
The Transformer converts external XHTML-formatted document into content tree. It supports the bodyXML format used in the main content store within the Content & Metadata platform — specifically, in the **internalComponent** collection.
```
